# Assignment Submission: Slack CLI

Congratulations! You're submitting your assignment. Please reflect on the assignment with these questions.

## Reflection
Question | Answer
---      | ---
How did you go about exploring the Slack API? Did you learn anything that would be useful for your next project involving an API? | I explored API documentation particularly concerning useful endpoints that I had to apply for this project. Using `Postman` was really helpful for me to check if the endpoint works or not, and what data was contained. Also, when I was stuck, Googling was another accessible way to find Slack API information.
Give a short summary of the _request/response cycle_. Where does your program fit into that scheme? | A client sends a request message to a server (including HTTP verb, path, optional payload). A server handles a request and sends a response message to the client (including HTTP verb, path, optional payload). For instance, my program sends a request to a server (Slack API), and the server handles a request and sends a response message (i.e. user list, channel list, post message, etc) to the client. Depending on the situation, I used a different HTTP verb (i.e. `get`, `post`), path (i.e. `USER_URL`, `CHANNEL_URL`, `MESSAGE_URL`) and payload (i.e. `token`, `channel`)
How does your program check for and handle errors when using the Slack API? | In `recipient.rb`, it rasies a SlackApiError if a response result is false by checking the following code: `response.code == 200 && response.parsed_response["ok"]`
How did the design and organization of your project change over time? | Since design was provided with a UML, my design has not changed much compared to the previous Hotel project. However, I added a helper method, `#find_user_by_id` and other instance methods, `#change_setting`, `#message_history` to complete optional assignments. From this project, I learned that having a good design can lead to good cost performance in terms of time management.  
Did you use any of the _inheritance idioms_ we've talked about in class? How? | I used `an abstract class`, `template methods` and `polymorphism`. In my code, (1) `Recipient` is an abstract class since it was not instantiated in any driver code except test files. (2) `Recipient.list_all` and `Recipient#details` are template methods as they were made with an intention to be overridden by a subclass like `User` and `Channel`. (3) `User` and `Channel` classes are examples of `polymorphism` because although they are different classes, they are implemented in the same way.
How does VCR aid in testing a program that uses an API? | If I use an API directly without using VCR, API calls can be expensive in terms of limited number of API calls and time. Also offline testing is not possible. VCR resolves all the API problems. VCR records API responses and plays back API responses. VCR reduces the number of API calls and times and enables offline testing.
